Bake in API authorization into v1.1.0 documentation (#323)
finos/git-proxy: website/docs/get-started/authorize.mdx

- Proxy and REST API are running ([default behaviour](https://github.com/finos/git-proxy/blob/main/index.js))
- Proxy and REST API are running on `localhost:8000` and `localhost:8080`, respectively
- [Quickstart](docs/get-started/quickstart) instructions have been followed and you've reached [Eureka! 🎉](/docs/get-started/quickstart#6-eureka-)
- [`curl`](https://curl.se/) is installed

### Instructions

#### 1. Find the tracking `ID`

Following on from [Eureka! 🎉](/docs/get-started/quickstart#6-eureka-), you'll receive a unique URL:

```
http://localhost:8080/requests/0000000000000000000000000000000000000000__79b4d8953cbc324bcc1eb53d6412ff89666c241f
```

The `ID` for your push corresponds to the last part of the URL:

```
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000__79b4d8953cbc324bcc1eb53d6412ff89666c241f
```

#### 2. Authenticate with the API

Use the default username & password credentials to obtain a cookie. The cookie value is saved to a file (`git-proxy-cookie`):

```bash
curl -H "Content-Type: application/json" -c git-proxy-cookie -X POST \
  -d '{"username":"admin","password":"admin"}' http://localhost:8080/auth/login
```

#### 3. Retrieve push with `ID` from database

> Using the [cookie](/docs/get-started/authorize#2-authenticate-with-the-api) generated, check that your push with `ID` exists in the database:
> 
> ```bash
> curl -b ./git-proxy-cookie http://localhost:8080/api/v1/push/${ID}
> ```
> 
> You should receive a `JSON` blob in the response with details about your push.

Reviewer: ````suggestion
Using the [cookie](/docs/get-started/authorize#2-authenticate-with-the-api) generated, execute a GET against the API to confirm that your push with `ID` exists in the database:

```bash
curl -I -b ./git-proxy-cookie http://localhost:8080/api/v1/push/${ID}
```

You should receive a 200 OK in the response.
````
